Add virtual competition event (#535)
srobo/website: _events/sr2024/virtual-competition.md

---
title: Virtual Competition
date: 2024-03-09 13:00:00 Europe/London
end_date: 2024-03-09 15:30:00 Europe/London
layout: event
type: competition
location: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlfaQIfLaRg">Student Robotics' YouTube Channel</a>
---

> The Student Robotics Virtual Competition is the first stage of the SR2024 competition. Teams will push their virtual robots to the limit, competing against each other in a [virtual arena](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/simulator/), teams are competing for real league points, which could make all the difference in the [final competition]({{ site.baseurl }}/events/sr2024/competition/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Student Robotics Virtual Competition is the first stage of the SR2024 competition. Teams will push their virtual robots to the limit, competing against each other in a [virtual arena](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/simulator/), teams are competing for real league points, which could make all the difference in the final competition.
```

Teams will have to submit their code to us by 6pm GMT on Thursday 7th using our [code submitter](https://studentrobotics.org/code-submitter/).

## Livestream

> <iframe title="Livestream of the virtual competition" width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlfaQIfLaRg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe title="Livestream of the virtual competition" width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/hlfaQIfLaRg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
